Something else to be aware of Whenever you're making it let variables is that you cannot read declare
a variable of the same name.
So if I did for example let me know will do.
Ages ninety nine and then we did let ages 52 you're going to see that it'll actually throw an error
in actually let me know.
Hey read declaration of age you can't do that previously declared at line 59 which is indeed where I
actually declared my original variable right here.
So that should be pretty intuitive.
Just remember you can't have two variables of the same name inside of the same scope.
But if I nested this inside of a block scope just by wrapping it in a code block like if I only needed
those variables for a particular operation then I just wanted to get rid of them.
You can see that works out pretty well.
It doesn't throw an error because once again the variable is being restrained to the scope defined by
these curly braces.
This block scope.